Add config option to prevent media downloads from listed domains. (#15197)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/configuration/config_documentation.md

max_image_pixels: 35M
```
---

> ### `prevent_downloads_from`

Reviewer: The media options are all top-level, so I think we should probably put `media` somewhere in here?

```suggestion
### `prevent_media_downloads_from`
```

Or maybe:

```suggestion
### `media_domain_deny_list`
```

Author: (I'm very worried that `media_domain_deny_list` or similar communicates the wrong intent: one of the first questions I had on the MMR implementation was whether the config option stopped *other* domains from downloading *local* media)

> A list of domains where users will be unable to download media from. If
> media from these domains is already cached, it will not be deleted but
> also not able to be downloaded. This option does not affect admin APIs
> trying to download/operate on media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of domains to never download media from. Media from these
domains that is already downloaded will not be deleted, but will be
inaccessible to users. This option does not affect admin APIs trying
to download/operate on media.
```

This will not prevent the listed domains from accessing media themselves.
It simply prevents users on this server from downloading media originating
from the listed servers.

> This will have no effect on media originating from the local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will have no effect on media originating from the local server.
This only affects media downloaded from other Matrix servers, to
block domains from URL previews see [`url_preview_url_blacklist`](#url_preview_url_blacklist).
```

max_image_pixels: 35M
```
---

> ### `prevent_media_downloads_from`

Reviewer 2: I was just thinking about the name. This is a block list, if you later want to use the concept with allow lists, you have to rename the parameter.

Wouldn't it be better to adapt the name to the current parameters for allowing and disallowing federation or url previews?

Author: Allow lists aren't currently planned for this feature - I'd favour a config migration (deprecation) later on if we decide to go that route.
